Update readme.md (#82)
drasi-project/drasi-platform: readme.md

# Drasi

> Drasi is a data processing platform that simplifies detecting critical events and taking immediate action in event-driven systems. It is a comprehensive solution that provides built-in capabilities to track system logs and change feeds for specific events, evaluate them for relevance, and automatically initiate appropriate reactions. Visit our documentation site at [https://drasi.io](https://drasi.io) for detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drasi is a data processing platform that simplifies detecting changes in data and taking immediate action. It is a comprehensive solution that provides built-in capabilities to track system logs and change feeds for specific events, evaluate them for relevance, and automatically initiate appropriate reactions. Visit our documentation site at [https://drasi.io](https://drasi.io) for detailed information.
```

## Overview

> Drasi provides real-time actionable insights without the overhead of traditional data processing methods. It tracks system changes and events without the need to copy data to a central data lake or repeatedly query data sources. Drasi uses queries to continuously evaluate incoming events When the events match the criteria and conditions specified in these queries the result sets of these queries are updated. These updates then trigger context-aware reactions defined tuned to your specific requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drasi provides real-time actionable insights without the overhead of traditional data processing methods. It tracks system changes and events without the need to copy data to a central data lake or repeatedly query data sources. Drasi uses queries to continuously evaluate incoming data changes. When the changes match the criteria and conditions specified in these queries the result sets of these queries are updated. These updates then trigger context-aware reactions defined tuned to your specific requirements.
```

Drasi operates through three components:

> *	 **Sources** connect to data repositories within software systems to monitor logs and feeds for specific events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*	 **Sources** connect to data repositories within software systems to monitor logs and feeds to track changing data.
```

> *	 **Continuous Queries** interpret monitored events by applying criteria and conditions to identify significant changes. In Drasi, these Continuous Queries are written using the Cypher Query Language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*	 **Continuous Queries** interpret monitored changes by applying criteria and conditions to identify significant changes. In Drasi, these Continuous Queries are written using the Cypher Query Language.
```
